
1. What tech stack will you use for your final project? We recommend that you use
React and Node for this project, however if you are extremely interested in
becoming a Python developer you are welcome to use Python/Flask for this
project.
    I plan to use React and Node for this project. 
  
2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are
you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?
    I want to make an evenly focused full-stack application.
  
3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?
    This will be a website about local Tampa Bay Meteorology and Hurricane History.
  
4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?
    The goal is to provide a website to view historical data and weather forecasts for Tampa Bay
especially relating to thunderstorms and tropical cyclones.
  
5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of
your users?
  Weather hobbyists, forecasters, historians, and anyone curious about Tampa Bay Weather
including people of all ages and backgrounds will be mt demographic. 
  
6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data?
You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind
of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and
populate it with data. If you are using a Python/Flask stack are required to create
your own API.
  I will use the free publicly available National Weather Service API.
  
7. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not
know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer
questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
a. What does your database schema look like? Home Page with Links to Hurricane History, general hurricane information, and weather
algorithm forecasts.
b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? This is especially
important if you are creating your own API, web scraping produces
notoriously messy data. If too many people use the site at once, the API has a waiting period after multiple uses so
perhaps a slowing of the site may be an issue.
c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure? There is no sensitive information on this informative site,
  but I may explore adding registration with users and passwords.
d. What functionality will your app include? Pulling historical weather data and displaying weather forecasts for tropical cyclones
and summer thunderstorms.
e. What will the user flow look like? HomePage --> Historical Data --> Year --> Strongest Storms --> All storms --> Hurricanes
  HomePage --> Weather Forecast Models --> ECMWF/GFS/CMC/ICON (hurricane) OR HRRR/NAM3/RGEM/FV3 local scale thunderstorm modeling
f. What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your
stretch goals? Historical Data and Weather Forecasting algorithm links will add more features than the simple CRUD features. For example,
the ability to use ensemble runs with varying starting conditions to display potential paths of a hurricane.
